generated bombarrow
generated custom_boots
generated custom_chest
generated custom_helm
generated custom_legs
generated endore
egg evilrabbit
generated exampleitem
generated explosionitem
generated explosionprojectileitem
handheld fireballwand
generated firecrystal
generated firecrystal_boots
generated firecrystal_chest
generated firecrystal_helm
generated firecrystal_legs
generated firecrystalarrow
handheld firecrystalaxe
handheld firecrystalhoe
handheld firecrystalpickaxe
handheld firecrystalshovel
handheld firecrystalsword
handheld gelaxe
handheld gelhoe
generated gelore
handheld gelpickaxe
handheld gelshovel
handheld gelsword
egg grumboboy
egg lattechicken
handheld launchitem
handheld lightninghammer
generated structuregel
handheld teleportrod
egg template
generated yummyfood
egg zombo
handheld zoosword